accept a new argument `claims_namespace_path` in JWT config (#4365)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/auth/authentication/jwt.rst

(or key) i.e. ``https://hasura.io/jwt/claims``.

The ``https://hasura.io/jwt/claims`` is the custom namespace where all Hasura

> specific claims have to be present. This value can be configured using

Reviewer: This feels is misleading (also in the paragraph above). It should say `https://hasura.io/jwt/claims` something along the lines of `https://hasura.io/jwt/claims` is the default namespace when `claims_namespace` or `claims_namespace_path` are not provided.

Reviewer: NVM, this was explaining the example JWT above.

   All ``x-hasura-*`` values should be of type ``String``, they will be converted to the
   right type automatically.

.. note::

>    The JWT config should either have the ``claims_namespace`` or ``claims_namespace_path``

Reviewer: This note should come in the below section. It feels too much to be in the example section.

Author: I'll update it

     "jwk_url": "<optional-url-to-refresh-jwks>",
     "claims_namespace": "<optional-key-name-in-claims>",
     "claims_format": "json|stringified_json",

>      "claims_namespace_path":"<optional-JSON-Path-to-the-claims>",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     "claims_namespace_path":"<optional-json-path-to-the-claims>",
```

     "jwk_url": "<optional-url-to-refresh-jwks>",
     "claims_namespace": "<optional-key-name-in-claims>",
     "claims_format": "json|stringified_json",

>      "claims_namespace_path":"<optional-json-path-to-the-claims>",

Reviewer: why not put `claims_namespace_path` right below `claims_namespace` as they are so similar?

Author: I'll update it

This is an optional field. You can also provide the key (certificate, PEM
encoded public key) as a string - in the ``key`` field along with the ``type``.

``claims_namespace_path``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> An optional JSON path value to the hasura claims in the JWT token (e.g. ``$.hasura.claims``)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An optional JSON path value to the Hasura claims in the JWT token (e.g. ``$.hasura.claims``).
```

> For example, the JWT token should in this format if the ``claims_namespace_path`` is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The JWT token should be in this format if the ``claims_namespace_path`` is
```

set to ``$.hasura.claims``:

.. code-block:: json

  {
    "sub": "1234567890",
    "name": "John Doe",
    "admin": true,
    "iat": 1516239022,
    "hasura": {
       "claims": {
          "x-hasura-allowed-roles": ["editor","user", "mod"],
          "x-hasura-default-role": "user",
          "x-hasura-user-id": "1234567890",
          "x-hasura-org-id": "123",
          "x-hasura-custom": "custom-value"
       }
     }
  }

> This is an optional field. If the value is not provided, then the ``claims_namespace`` value

Reviewer: I believe this is no longer valid.

Author: I'll update this

> This is an optional field, if the value is not provided, then the ``claims_namespace`` value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an optional field. If the value is not provided, then the ``claims_namespace`` value
```

**Default value** is: ``https://hasura.io/jwt/claims``.

``claims_namespace_path``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
An optional JSON path value to the Hasura claims in the JWT token.

Example values are ``$.hasura.claims`` or ``$`` (i.e. root of the payload)

The JWT token should be in this format if the ``claims_namespace_path`` is
set to ``$.hasura.claims``:

.. code-block:: json

  {
    "sub": "1234567890",
    "name": "John Doe",
    "admin": true,
    "iat": 1516239022,
    "hasura": {
       "claims": {
          "x-hasura-allowed-roles": ["editor","user", "mod"],
          "x-hasura-default-role": "user",
          "x-hasura-user-id": "1234567890",
          "x-hasura-org-id": "123",
          "x-hasura-custom": "custom-value"
       }
     }
  }

.. note::

>    The JWT config can only have one of claims_namespace or claims_namespace_path values set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The JWT config can only have one of ``claims_namespace`` or ``claims_namespace_path`` values set.
```

   If neither keys are set, then the default value of

>    claims_namespace i.e. https://hasura.io/jwt/claims will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ``claims_namespace`` i.e. https://hasura.io/jwt/claims will be used.
```
